hey everyone its Meghan with a Barbie
studio and today I am following Robin
from the pink Stamper or my pink Stamper
now she is having a challenge for her
week for her 1 million hit and I decided
to follow along with the challenges and
show you guys what I'm doing and share
her first challenge was what you were
really into when you first started
scrapbooking and crafting and my big
thing when I first started was using by
prova craft paper sharp shapers and I
have this whole big bag of them as you
can see and I use these a lot I did not
have much when I started scrapbooking I
had photo splits these and paper and my
photo album and that was about it and I
made everything out of these and every
page had photo shapers on the or paper
shapers on them in one way or another so
I'm going to show you how I'm making a
gift card holder using these today gonna
go through it really quick I already
kind of got started and I realized I
should video this and show you guys what
I'm doing and you can follow along on
the pink Stamper or actually she's now
WWWE pink Stamper calm and I just had
pop you can follow along this is paper
from Mike and company urban Pak urban
side paper pack it's 9 inches long it's
2 and 3/4 inches wide I put a fold in it
at two and a half inches and then
another fold in it at 6 inches and I
also have a couple pieces of scrap paper
this is three and a half inches long and
two and a half inches wide and it's just
gonna go over this little thing to give
it some extra something something and
we'll just go through it okay so we have
our scrap cut out or a piece of paper
cut out and it's actually a scrap from
another card I use so it's a great way
to use your scraps I'm gonna use my
utility knife here and I'm actually
going to lay my ribbon inside here and
with my utility knife actually going to
take a little pen and on either side on
my ribbon at the fold line I'm making a
little bit line of how wide my ribbon is
and where I'm gonna want my ribbon to go
and it actually fits perfectly right
inside this little design here so from
marking to marking I'm gonna take my
little utility knife you should probably
use an exacto but I don't have one
available right
so I'm just using this and it works okay
it doesn't work great it tears the paper
a little bit but it's fine I'm making a
little line from line to line and then
that's gonna be for my ribbon to run
through so from outside in there are a
couple different techniques to doing
this I saw somebody actually once cut
out use little scissors and cut it out
all different kinds of ways but I'm
gonna run my ribbon through this way on
the inside push it through
so we have that and now I'm going to
kind of test my lengths a little bit to
see where I need this to fold I'm gonna
fold this up and that should be pretty
good actually have more ribbon here than
I even need but don't worry with that
later okay so my ribbons in place now
what I'm gonna do is this my little spat
piece of paper I'm just gonna use my
glue runner from Walmart refills on that
are actually really reasonable I was
surprised list 2-pack of refills I got
was only a dollar ninety-nine so it's
not bad it's not as good as ATG guns and
what deals you can get online but if
you're just getting started and things I
highly recommend just to add tech
permanent bond glue runner and so that's
in there and now I'm just gonna put a
little bit down just a tiny little spot
for my gift card and put that in where I
want it to be probably to keep them down
pretty tight so that's in there it's
this is really simple and now what I'm
gonna do getting out my favorite paper
shapers I should have probably done this
before I put the card in but I'm just
gonna cut a simple little line across
the top it's nothing too fancy but I
just decided well to follow this
challenge I have to do something cutesy
like that so I have that now I have a
little from my spring adhesive cardstock
matte matte stack from die-cuts of the
view I just have this little piece of
stock from another card I did and I'm
gonna cut this down and I'm actually
gonna fit I decided to cut it down to be
one inch wide by three inches long and I
am just going to stamp on it happy
birthday using that paper tray ink hack
and I'm using ink it up pigment ink in I
think it's called walnut yep walnut this
is just the one dollar ink pads from a
seymour that they go on sale for 50
cents and I get a couple of them just
because I like the colors I'm gonna just
stamp it here
real light and easy right on there happy
birthday and then with the same shears I
am just going to cut in the little
design on either side the paper shapers
haha they're cute anyway I guess I was
really obsessed with them for a long
time and I'm just gonna stick this on
just peel off my little backing glue
that down
doudou and I'm gonna stick this on so I
know I got a couple comments already
saying oh it's good to know I'm not the
only crafter that makes a million
mistakes and it's so true I make a
million in ten so there that is and then
the other thing I'm going to do is this
little strip of blue right down them
along the bottom here just to speak out
so it's not gonna be anything to your
fan okay so now I have my little strip
of the same color just have to peel up
the little backing again you don't know
whatever you want to do make variations
on this I'm just going to I need to trim
it down
a little bit it is so just pick okay
so I just hooked on my little sticky
adhesive so that I can write my little
note right in here and then it just kind
of a little bit of the blue just barely
peeks through and coordinates just
perfectly and then all I have to do is
tie my little bow the way I want it to
look just real simple I'm gonna tie it
above the happy birthday so I'm gonna
have to adjust my bow a little bit but
that's okay just my ribbon a little bit
I mean so we'll just bring it up here
I'm gonna tie it and in that first just
cuz I want it to be well no I'm not
because I want it to be easy to open so
I'm not gonna hide it and I wanted it to
be a tighter bow but since I don't have
enough I don't have as much ribbon
desktop as I thought I should so I'm
gonna move it down here so we'll just
make it tighter this way and then it'll
be easy to open
just make a little
and then I'm gonna trim my little tails
and it's nice and tight and I'll do them
in a little angle and there we go my
little happy birthday gift card holder I
have the ribbon twist it but you get the
idea and just really easy really simple
quick and easy to do and like I said
it's a great way to personalize just how
you would want it to be for giving a
gift card thanks for watching and I hope
to continue to follow Robyn on her blog
and I will see you guys later bye